---
layout: log
title: "Incheon"
date: 2020-12-29 12:00:00
tags:
---

It's **6 pm** arrived sleepy and hungry in Incheon. It was a 10-hour flight. They check my health, installed some app on my phone, check and re-check my quarantine place, and put me in a cab to my home. Everything happened so fast and smooth. I arrived met Jin, the house owner. We talked about business and stuff until both got tired and went to his house, and I went to sleep.

*[2020-12-26]* It's the first day in Korea. exploring the room, talking with family asking usual questions, warming up some food I bring from Iran, eating, watching a movie, sleep ….


*[2020-12-27]* It's the second day in Korea now, again repeating the routing, but I cook some rice today, which was easy, and played cyberpunk 2077 :D


*[2020-12-28]* It's the third day. I should go outside and take a COVID test. Hopefully, it's close to my place to walk there, 9 am I arrived there. There's a long line for the free test. after half an hour, I get tested and coming back, they asked us not to go anywhere else and just go back to our place. I really need eggs and bread, so I bought them anyway. I'm getting bored in my room, cooking some noodles and egg, it's not that bad.


*[2020-12-29]* It's the fourth day, I'm really bored. Plan to cook a pancake today, but end up warming up food from Iran. For dinner I bought some Korean food, it's spicy as helllll…. I eat half of the food with coke and give up, cook some soup and good for today. Somehow start doing some meaningful thing like writing this stuff on the web. Better than nothing. Btw, today was started with reading a book on willpower. Better than other days.
