---
layout: log
title: "Istanbul"
date: 2020-12-25 12:00:00
tags:
---

It's **4 am** arrived safe and sound in Istanbul. My flight to Korea is at **2 am** the next day.

Having enough time to recharge my battery and enough Turkish money to buy a sim-card, and I'm good to go. The new airport doesn't have access to the metro. They say a mistake happens in the calculation. The subway station happens to be a few kilometers away from the airport!. Anyway, I got a bus to go to the city. I drop off at the last stop, so I don't worry much about missing the station ignore the driver and announcer's voice. Just looking outside the window and listening to music … last stop Taksim Square … I arrived.

The bus stop is actually a little far from the Taksim. It's 7 in the morning to I walk there. Really starving, looking for anything eatable to buy few Turkish Lire in my pocket, and looking for an exchange store with a fair price.


Arrived at Taksim, taking a rest, eating cake and juice, and wandering around. A few hours later, ask my friend Fatma, who lives in Istanbul, to see whether she awake or not, no response. Most stores close not many people but many animals, dogs, cats sleeping anywhere, birds flying over your head and nothing …


It's almost 9 am. Walking around till find an open shop, there's nothing, finding some beautiful church and it reminds me it's Christmas tomorrow. 


It's 10 am shops starting to open and accepting customers, but only takeaway foods. But some random stuff from the first cafe I see and head to the Galata Bridge.


It's almost 11 am. I'm on Galata bridge. It's a stunning view of the river. Many fisher-mans on two sides of the bridge sitting relax and focused on the fish rod's small movement. Beside them a bucket full of water which many fish are stored there. I wonder how many fish this river gives them every day. More than a hundred fishermen with buckets full of fish, and it's just the beginning of the day. Some say fishing in Galata is like gambling. The more you get, to more you want. Some of these people came here in the chilling morning and left in the evening, sitting there waiting and waiting.


I'm on the other side of Galata, heading to the nearest market and gaze at colorful foods and cloth. It reminds me of one of my shoes in Tehran. I need a new one, jump on a bus going to the mall and buy the first pair of shoes that catch my eyes.


Fatma calls me, she coming to see me at Yanikapour Station. It's close to the mall. I got on the subway and meet her there. Then we go to Sanaii and then another station till we reached at her house.

Lovely house, nice designs, many snacks. :D 

We talked about everything in Iran, Turkey, the world, work, school, … She was so delightful to me and willing to help me in any way she can, we order food. La-Majoon a bread cut in half and delicious staff between it.


We watched some documentaries on Netflix, excellent background noise to fill any silence and give a great topic to talk about whenever you run out of an idea.
It's almost night and time to go. We had dinner from burger king and hit the road. I arrived at Istanbul airport with a bag full of snacks from Fatma's house, waiting for the last plane to send me to Korea.
