---
layout: log
title: "Hiking."
date: 2021-01-31 12:00:00
tags:
---

**Jan 30. 7AM.**

I woke up in a hurry, get ready for hiking. 
Last night was freezing, and now it's snowing.
Maybe it's not the best time for hiking, but I'm doing it to meet new people anyway.

Wear two pairs of pants and two socks, more than enough cloth hat, and pack one additional coat in my bag.
I left for the kitchen to eat breakfast around 8AM, boiled some eggs, and put them in the bag.

8:30
Everyone is waiting under Library for Miko to arrive. He arrives around 9AM, and we leave for the bus stop.
We got on the bus at 9:40 and arrive at Mountain around 10:30.

Start hiking, it feels too cold at the beginning, and my bag is more than heavy.
The beginning is simple everyone taking photos, laughing, talking, and walk to the Mountain.

After 1 hour of hiking, most of us got tired and sat for few minutes until everyone arrives at the same spot and goes again. We eat some food here.
Around 1AM, we reached the first Peak. Nice view many people was there and taking photos. 
Although most of them go back on that point, we continue for the 2nd Peak. The pass was the most challenging path in the Mountain, and we got very separated. Everybody went at their own speed and tried to meet on 2nd Peak.

I was walking with Yahya from 1st Peak to 2nd. He's a nice guy who hikes slow, but he seems like a pro in hiking. He knows a lot about hiking.


We reached the 2nd Peak. We had to go to the 3rd Peak and then leave for home, Go back to 1st Peak. Everyone agreed on going to the final Peak even though we all were tired.

I regret if I didn't go for 3rd Peak. The trail was really nice, the sightseeing you can't find anywhere else, very unique kind of mountains that locals call it dragon mountain, the shape of is kind unique.

Then finally we arrived at 3rd Peak, and rest for a long time, (about an hour) having meals and some water.

Going back was so much more challenging than going up, mostly when the path was frozen. Usually, we slipped over ice. After 3 hours, we reached the solid ground again.
Walking half an hour to leave the Mountain area and find a nice, cozy place to eat. 

There was Me, Hasnain, Hannan, and Naura, which eat only halal food. We sat together and ordered two bibimbap and Pajeon. Really delicious.

Then took a bus and went back to the dorms. I took a shower and faint out.


**Jan 31. 11 AM**


I woke up again, it pretty late, and all my muscles hurt. Rest for a bit in the dorm, prayed, and went for launch to the kitchen.
Today, I cooked pancakes and french toast. It was tasty.

Then went back to Library to pick up my bike and going to Lab. 

It's the first time that I'm the first in the Lab, no one was there. After an hour, Jy-young comes to the Lab, and we had quite a talk about life, research, and how to deal with Prof. Moon.
He's an excellent advisor, and I believe he gonna be a great Professor someday.

Start reading papers and then went for dinner with him. He's more than friendly and helpful. We had a long chat about history, politics, music, and anime.
I went back to Lab and finished my paper reading. This time it was much easier than before.

Till Later,
Mahi




