---
layout: log
title: "Nowruz"
date: 2021-03-23 12:00:00
---

Hi Mahi,

Long time no see. I was wishing to right more often for you, but always something get along the way and distract me from writing.
Recently I decided to make a routine for myself which include one day learning korean next day writing stuff and repeat. 

It's almost two week passed from last meaningless short report.
In this two weeks, I bought a lot of stuff, that I was worried about before.

I made a morning routine for myself which starts around 5:00 AM, with praying and going to gym afterward.
After gym, we have breakfast and then heading to the lab for reading paper or some other things.

For lunch, I usually eat in lab, but there are some exceptions when East Cafeteria offers a good food, or a friends wants to catch up.

For dinner, Again Cafeteria, Kitchen, or Delivery in the Lab is usual options. Delivery is a bit expensive but less time consuming and more fun.

Recently, I went to biking in Daejeon, It was really far but still really fun. I had to cook the same day, and I was late so I ride back to KAIST without rest on full-speed.
When I reached the campus I couldn't feel my legs. I done cooking and eating and went home quickly. I rest in bed as soos as I arrived and almost rest the other day till I could walk back normaly again :D

Adding photos or editing in github is not easy, I probably should do something about it otherwise I can't write that much.
I will more add them probably later. ://

The other day, I forgot to close the tap in my dorm, I water filled the floor. As soon as I came back from shower and opened the door water comes to hallway.

It was a disater, but the dorm supervisor thought it was becuase of pipe leakage and send a fixer to my room to check the pipe.

I told him, it was my mistake, but he still did someting to pipes and went away.
I dry the floor with some box paper and then throw them out too.

Mahi, you are so happy these days. you are so blessed and every night and every morning you say thanks for all of these blessings.

I hope I find you happier when you read this notes.


Today is very very special, it's Rahil birthday :))))

You planned to met them on the phone, but still not happend so who knows \(^_^)/
