---
layout: log
title: "Reply 1997"
date: 2021-03-05 12:00:00
---

Hi Mahi,

There's a series you just finished watching in called Reply 1997 (응답하라 1997). You really like this drama and Busan dialect. So I dub thee Reply.

I think the concept of reply was same from what I'm doing here writing something for future, and then in the future you can come here and reply to me, it's fun :D

If I want to be more informative about what happens to you these days, I can say you had fun, too much fun, you should keep your focus on reseach, not fun. At least not for now.
I know you find it having fun is necessary, but you should make it limited.

Around last week you went for Ski and Ice Skating, really good and then you start watching drama and then you spend many hours on social medias. GET A LIFE MAN.
What you gonna write in your report for professor this week I don't know.

btw, your classes are just started, you are not as excited as before about your classes but still some of them are fun and you hope you can make a good relation with professors.
At least this is what your father wants from you and you know his right, but sometimes making relation with professors is too costly and
if you can't make a contribution by the time that deadlines come, you're done.


You are thinking about writing another journal or log in Korean, I think you are crazy, but will see it might actually help you.

Again, you have a goal for your reseach and it's scaling multi-agent systems. Prof. Moon really likes ideas about external memory, you can not understand what is his goal
but you still try to make him satisfied with your reports.


Before starting this log I though I have many thing to say since it was long time we didn't talk, but hey I have nothing left. I wish I had something to break this awkward silence.
I don't want to finish this log, I think I'm gonna miss you and I will not comeback often, but this log doesn't seems be very informative.


Aha, I just remembered the best thing that happend to you these days. You Bought a Pizza for Rahil from here :))), she was really happy, amirhossein was also happy :D
It melt my heart anytime I saw them happy.

OK, you have to go for the launch with.


till then,
Mahi



