---
layout: plog
title: "New Start"
date: 2022-03-13 12:00:00
---

What am I missing in my life?
Am I a deep person, philosopher, scientist, or just an imitation?
What does it take for me to be a good scientist?

Since last year I have developed a lot. They say the mind will reach complete growth and 25, and last December, I became 25.
Life was a fantastic journey. I never felt I could have so many up and downs. The more I study about myself, the more I become fascinated. I try to overcome my fears and embrace reality. Still, ignorance and distraction are the best medicine.

Absurdism, what a fantastic concept, I struggled a lot to understand it, but in the end, it was terrific.
For someone like me with a deep background in pessimism and existentialism, Absurdism has nothing new to offer, just a different way of saying live your life even if nothing matters. But it was more...

The rebellion, the ambitions to rise against gods and reality to be happy by choice even though they made it impossible.

This is not a lecture on Absurdism, but I write what I understood so far to look back in the future on my note and see how much I have changed. Till now, I believe life is miserable, horrible, short, and in the end, completely meaningless. This is extreme torture for a conscious mortal being; death is the only way out. But if I know that they put me in this prison to suffer if the only exit door of this suffering is death, you know how I laugh to gods face by being happy in doing something ridiculously meaningless.
You made me to bed a sad, miserable creature, you and all your mighty power, but guess what? I decided to be happy, and you can't do anything about it.

But what is death? Isn't it that we are built with the same atoms from Big Bang, and after our death, these atoms flow to other beings. We are just a short sign of order in an increasing entropy world. Of course, we live after this life as we lived before this life. We are part of nature, and nature continues. The only thing that needs to be added is changing the structure. We will be separated and join other groups of wildlife. 

We can understand the death of humans better if we look into the bigger picture, the end of groups. I was lucky to be part of a Robotic group names Parsian. That group is dead now. It was created around 20 years ago and died 3 years ago. The way I look at it, people in that group changed, and after the group's death, everybody took the memory of that group and put it somewhere else.
We are now part of different teams, sometimes still interacting with each other. The death of Parsian was a sad moment for me, but nothing in me changed. I still have the memory and am still in contact with other parts. Not in the same way I used to be, but I moved on, lived differently, and interacted with new people.

That is precisely what will happen to us after death. All cells in our body will depart it. All atoms go somewhere else in different structures and live a new life. As Khayam put it most poetically:

 
این کوزه  چُو من  عاشقِ زاری  بوده است 

در بَندِ خَمِ زُلفِ نِگاری  بوده است


این دسته  که بر گردنِ او  می بینی

دستی است  که برگردنِ یاری  بوده است


This is not a diary, and I don't want to make it long.

For this year, I have to work hard and smart. I feel so much more confident and happy being who I am.
I don't need to hide behind a mask; I can see my mistakes and bad traits and do my best to overcome them.


Hope the best for you, Mahi :D.